---
title: A Statuesque Mystery Beyond the Woods
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-05-17T21:23:02.332Z
tags: 
---

> A group of 7 adventurers overhead a group of young boys talking about some ruins they found out in the forest. Interested, they left their breakfast and went in search. While they were traveling they ran into a hybrid panther that had TENTACLES FOR A TAIL. However, once our OLD druid, Greta, turned into an animal herself, IT VANISHED INTO THIN AIR. Couldn't find any traces of it so we continued on. We stumbled upon a fortress where we saw 11 regular goblins and 3 hob goblins. We split into parties, a 'tank' character with each group member. We put a goblin that was on a tower closest to us and moved in. Group A took the high wall and began killing the goblins. The rest filed in. Once again, a group of goblins was put to sleep around a bon fire except a larger hob goblin (this one would be quite a pain for our group). Group B went for this group. Group C then went for the other hob goblin on a warg (no clue how to spell). The groups proceeded to attack, our old Druid turning into a spider and EATING goblings. Our beloved elephant man (barbar?) nearly died in the indicent, but pulled through thanks to...Mulan? (As you can tell I did not retain names well in this encounter). But with all the goblins slain, the group divided the loot as fairly as possible and stayed within the fort. In a nearby town we noticed statues that we chalked up investigate tomorrow--however, as night fell the statues came to life and pounded on the gate walls. They didn't make it it, but who knows what the future holds next time...

\- Unknown